fix: fixed first person language in discount calculator workshop (#67426)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-discount-calculator/68e52994bc7ea2e3dec530a6.md

# --description--

> Now test the complete discount system! Add an `if` statement checking if `__name__ == '__main__'` and move `product = Product('Wireless Mouse', 50.0)` inside it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's time to test the complete discount system! Add an `if` statement checking if `__name__ == '__main__'` and move `product = Product('Wireless Mouse', 50.0)` inside it.
```
